Node.js: Clarify Consistent Return Values (#2690)
cap-js/docs: node.js/app-services.md

SQL `RETURNING` is not yet supported, so the array is currently always empty. For `INSERT`s, you can spread the result to access the generated primary keys — a transitional convenience until `RETURNING` lands. Once an `INSERT` query includes a `RETURNING` clause, the array is populated directly with the returned rows.

```js
const inserted = await srv.create(Books).entries({title:'Catweazle'})
inserted.affected            // 1
const [row] = [...inserted]  // generated primary keys

const updated = await srv.update(Books).set({discount:'10%'}).where({stock:{'>':111}})
updated.affected             // number of rows updated
```

When a write targets a single row by key (for example, `srv.update(Books, 201)` or `srv.delete(Books, '1')`) and no row matches, the handler throws a 404 error. A `where` clause that matches zero rows returns an array with `affected: 0` without throwing.

> [!tip] Consistent Results Across Local and Remote Services
> This shape was introduced in cds 10 so that local services, HCQL-proxied remote services, and database services return the same thing. To restore the previous behavior, set <Config>cds.features.legacy_srv_results: true</Config>.

> [See the migration guide for opt-out options.](../migration/cds10#fixed-service-results){.learn-more}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[See the migration guide for opt-out options.](../releases/migration/cds10#fixed-service-results){.learn-more}
```

## Results of Generic CRUD Handlers

When CAP's generic handlers run a CRUD operation, the result follows a consistent shape (custom `.on` handlers may return any value):

| Operation             | Return value                                                                                  |
|-----------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `READ`                | Array of matching records, or a single record / `null` when read by key                       |
| `INSERT` / `CREATE`   | Array with `.affected` (rows written); iterate to access the inserted rows' primary keys      |
| `UPDATE` / `UPSERT`   | Array with `.affected` (rows changed); populated with rows from a `RETURNING` clause          |
| `DELETE`              | Array with `.affected` (rows deleted); populated with rows from a `RETURNING` clause          |

> For `INSERT`s, the result is a lazy array: iterating it (`[...result]`, `for…of`, `JSON.stringify`) materializes the inserted rows' generated primary keys in place. Direct index access works after the first iteration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For `INSERT`s, the result is a lazy array: iterating it (`[...result]`, `for…of`, `JSON.stringify`) materializes the generated primary keys of the inserted rows. Direct index access works after the first iteration.
```

```js
const inserted = await srv.create(Books).entries({title:'Catweazle'})
inserted.affected            // 1
const [row] = [...inserted]  // materializes — row holds the generated key
inserted[0]                  // same row (materialized above)
```

> For `UPDATE`, `UPSERT`, and `DELETE`, the array is reserved for rows returned by a SQL `RETURNING` clause — not yet supported, so currently always empty:

Reviewer: I'm note sure if I understand this sentence.
What is described in the first part is how it should be but it's not yet supported? Or what is not yet supported if the first part is how it works?

Author: we will add support for `returning`, which allows to specify which data i want back (bundle roundtrips to db). that will be the content of the array. since we don't yet support `returning`, the array is always empty. but the "shape" of the result is now established, namely an array with a property `affected: <number>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For `UPDATE`, `UPSERT`, and `DELETE`, the array is reserved for rows returned by a SQL `RETURNING` clause. But `RETURNING` is not yet supported, so the array currently is always empty:
```
